Feature/microvg documentation (#396)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/UI/MicroVG/vectorimage.rst

Vector Images are graphical resources that can be accessed with a call to `ej.microvg.VectorImage.getImage` <FIXME link to api page>. The images are converted at build-time (using the image generator tool) to immutable resources.

Images that must be processed by the image generator tool are declared in ``*.vectorimages.list`` files. The file format is a standard Java properties file, each line representing a ``/`` separated resource path relative to the MicroEJ classpath root referring to a vector image file (e.g. ``.svg``, ``.xml``). The resource must be followed by a parameter (separated by a ``:``) which defines and/or describes the image output file format (raw format).

Currently accepted formats are : 

- ``:VGF``: vglite compatible format with coordinates encoded as float numbers (32 bits).
- ``:VG32``: vglite compatible format with coordinates encoded as signed int numbers (32 bits).
- ``:VG16``: vglite compatible format with coordinates encoded as signed short numbers (16 bits).
- ``:VG8``: vglite compatible format with coordinates encoded as signed char numbers (8 bits).

Example:

::

   /com/mycompany/MyImage1.svg:VGF
   /com/mycompany/androidVectorDrawable.xml:VG8

> Supported input files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supported Input Files
```
please perform a while pass

---------------------

The image generator tool supports the following input file formats:

- Android Vector Drawable
- SVG 

> 

Reviewer: I would add a link to the limitations sections

 
The following example illustrates this feature.

|startTable| 
  
.. code-block:: java

  VectorImage image = VectorImage.getImage("/images/myImage.xml"); //$NON-NLS-1$

   // Derive a new VectorImage
   float[] colorMatrix0 = new float[] { //
         1f, 0, 0, 0, 0, // red
         0, 0, 0, 0, 0, // green
         0, 0, 1f, 0, 0, // blue
         0, 0, 0, 1f, 0, // alpha
   };

   VectorImage imageFiltered = image.filterImage(colorMatrix0);
   VectorGraphicsPainter.drawImage(g, imageFiltered, new Matrix());

   float[] colorMatrix1 = new float[] { //
         0f, 0, 0, 0, 0, // red
         0.5f, 0.5f, 0, 0, 0, // green
         0, 0, 1f, -0.5f, 0, // blue
         0, 0, 0, 1f, 0, // alpha
   };
   Matrix matrix1 = new Matrix();
   matrix1.setTranslate(image.getWidth(), 0);

   VectorGraphicsPainter.drawFilteredImage(g, image, matrix1, colorMatrix1);

|midTable|

.. figure:: images/drawImageFilter.png
   :alt: Draw and filter image
   :width: 300px
   :align: center

|endTable|

Animated Vector Images
----------------------

> The Android Vector Drawable format supports the ability to change vector graphics over time, to create animated effects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Android Vector Drawable format provides the ability to change the properties of vector graphics over time, in order to create animated effects.
```

                  android:duration="1000" android:startOffset="0" 
                  android:valueFrom="0" android:valueTo="720"/>
               <objectAnimator android:propertyName="rotation" android:valueType="floatType"
                  android:duration="1000" android:startOffset="1500" 
                  android:valueFrom="720" android:valueTo="0"/>
         </set>
      </aapt:attr>
   </target>
   </animated-vector>

|midTable|
  
.. figure:: images/drawAnimatedImageRotate.gif
   :alt: Draw animated image over a path
   :width: 300px
   :align: center

|endTable|

Morphing
********

The Android Vector Drawable format supports the animation of the `pathData` attribute of a path. With this type of animation a shape can be transformed to a totally different other shape. The only constraint is that the origin and destination `pathData` must have the same commands format.

Lets take, for instance, the morphing of a rectangle to a circle which have the following commands.

:: 

   Circle: M 11.9 9.8 C 11.9 8.1 13.3 6.7 14.9 6.7 C 16.6 6.7 18 8.1 18 9.8 C 18 11.6 16.6 13 14.9 13 C 13.3 13 11.9 11.6 11.9 9.8 Z

   Rectangle: M 11.9 6.7 H 18 V 13 H 11.9 Z

> The rectangle path has to be reworked to fit the commands of the circle path. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The rectangle path has to be reworked to match with the sequence of commands of the circle path. 
```

> There is an infinity of possibilities to create the new path, and the association of each points of the paths will induce a specific morphing animation.

Author: I added links to shapeshifter and svgpatheditor

   :width: 200px

|endTable|

|startTable|

.. code-block:: xml

         <aapt:attr name="android:interpolator">
            <pathInterpolator android:pathData="M 0 0 C 0.333 1.939 0.171 -0.906 0.601 0.335 C 0.862 0.998 0.83 -0.771 1 1" />
         </aapt:attr>

|midTable600|

.. image:: images/custom1Interpolator.gif
   :width: 200px

.. image:: images/custom1Interpolator.png
   :width: 200px

|endTable|

Limitations / Supported Features
--------------------------------

Android Vector Drawable
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The MVG library supports most of the Android Vector Drawable features with the following limitations:

- `clip-path` feature is only supported for static images.
- `trim-path` animation is not supported.
- morphing animations are not supported for paths with stroke.
- `drawImage` with alpha is not supported if the image contains overlapping paths.

SVG
~~~

The MVG library supports a subset of SVGTiny: https://www.w3.org/TR/SVGTiny12/ including:

- Path
- Basic shape
- Painting filling
- Painting stroking
- Painting gradient (only linear gradient with one pattern)
- Painting color formats : #RRGGBB, #RGB, rgb(r,g,b), keywords
- Transforms 
- Text

> - Fonts (The text fonts used in the SVG file has to be installed on the operating system)

Reviewer 3: What do you mean by "installed on the operating system"? I guess on the machine that runs the image converter? (It could also mean on the embedded Java VM.)

Author: I mean that the font must be installed on the machine that runs the microej sdk.
